Subtitles by DramaFever
[Revolutionary Love]
[Episode 3]
Joon, you're here to help me?
You came on your own?
So, you were worried about me,
weren't you?
No, I'm here because of money.
Huh?
Joon.
Don't make important decisions
in your life based on money.
You know, the world...
it doesn't always work out
the way you think it will.
I felt I had no choice and ended up
making a cowardly decision.
I hope you don't live the way I do, Joon.
I didn't know what
he had meant by that back then.
Dad, you were right.
The world doesn't always
work out the way I want.
Young Ho got very injured.
I need 10 million won.
What can I do?
The only person
your mom can ask is you.
I'm busy enough living my own life.
Why would I worry about
some rich guy like you?
I came because of money.
You have a lot of money.
How much do you need?
In return for getting you out of here...
I think I'll charge
about five million won.
How about it?
- Five million won?
- Yes, five million.
Is that too much?
In return, I have a condition too.
What's the condition?
Until I can go home...
will you stay by my side, Joon?
I have to be on the run for now.
I'll pay you the average salary
of a Gangsu Group secretary.
How frustrated do you think
I am to be doing this?
Think of it as helping me out.
Isn't there somewhere
you could get money?
Joon.
Don't make important decisions
in your life...
based on money.
What do you think about my offer?
But, Dad...
Do you know what?
Important decisions
don't exist in my life.
I'm just trying to survive, day by day.
I'm in.
Then is today our first day?
Yes, our first day.
First day?
What are you guys talking about?
Byun Hyuk! Hey, Byun Hyuk!
There's a back exit in the garage.
Wait for us there.
Wait, a back exit?
Hey, Baek Joon.
We're heading down now.
Get in. Hurry, hurry.
Excuse me.
Joon? We're alone, right?
- Are we in the elevator?
- Be quiet!
I'll join you.
What's going on?
You know that suite room?
Yes?
Is this the guest staying there?
Oh... I really don't know.
Really? Please take a closer look.
Why look again?
It's my first time seeing that person.
Sorry.
It's all right.
Oh, there must be a mosquito in here.
Oh my.
It's very hot.
If you happen to see this guest,
could you please contact...
Sorry, but it's against
the hotel rules to do so.
Still, if you could cooperate...
We're not allowed to talk about
guests to external parties.
Think of it as doing a good thing...
I said that I can't!
I'm sorry... sorry.
Hold up, there.
Wait!
Hold on!
Hey!
Move. Get out of the way.
Excuse me.
What are you doing here?
You can't just come in here.
Sorry.
- Where is he?
- Jae Hoon!
Oh, where is Kwon Jae Hoon?
Jae Hoon, Jae Hoon!
- Hey, hey!
- Jae Hoon!
Get in!
You should've turned
your phone off beforehand.
Who would message me at a time like that?
Hyuk, why can't I contact you?
Let's meet up and talk. Huh, huh?
Chae Ri, why are you doing this to me?
Chae Ri? Who's that?
- You don't need to know.
Anyway, Baek Joon.
Why did you suddenly get involved?
What's this about "first day"? Tell me.
Oh, Joon agreed to be
my personal secretary.
Who said you can?
She's my secretary,
so it's up to me.
Hey, you're not in the position
to make decisions like that.
I'm the one who's looking after you.
I have to take responsibility
if anything happens.
- So, I can't?
- You can't.
That agreement is void.
There's no contract either.
Don't you know that
verbal contracts are binding too?
Yeah, we shook on it too, right?
Joon, you can't handle Hyuk.
You do it, so why can't I?
Drunk driving, disturbance
in clubs, public urination...
Can you handle that?
What? Public urination?
What happened with that was...
I don't care. That's nothing.
- Really?
- You still can't.
I won't allow it.
Are you looking down on me,
by any chance?
Why do you always twist
my words around like that?
Is it an inferiority complex?
Inferiority?
Hey, do you think anyone who doesn't
work for a big company feels inferior?
Why bring up a big company?
Why bring up inferiority?
Hey, I'm sorry!
Sorry to interrupt here.
Joon is an employee of
Gangsu Group today.
Joon, your inferiority
can go to the dogs.
- Stay out of it!
Do you think we would've escaped
the hotel if weren't for me?
I worked really hard
to get rid of that cop.
I had to go endure
someone's gas too.
Joon is right about that.
The hotel escape was perfect.
If it was so perfect,
why is a police car following us?
- A police car?
- What?
What do we do?
He followed us.
Step on it, Jae Hoon!
Hold on tight.
What's with him? Is he a terminator?
Why does he keep coming?
What are you doing? Go faster.
Jae Hoon is like that. He never speeds.
Look at him now.
He's still not speeding.
You want to leave your picture on the
speeding cameras when you're on the run?
This isn't going to work.
Take a right around that corner.
We'll get off at that intersection.
I'll stop once I turn
so you can get out.
No! I want to get out with Joon too.
You're a wanted man.
Why would you go with her?
He could safer with me.
I'm his personal secretary
starting today.
He's a third generation rich guy.
You're just a section chief.
- You can't say no.
- Just a section chief?
Can you stop referring to me
as the third generation rich guy?
He's telling us to stop, right?
Step on it, Jae Hoon!
What should we do?
Should we all get caught,
or will you let us out?
- Jae Hoon!
- Hurry.
Gosh, seriously!
Move your car!
Mister, move your car!
Vehicle license plate 7684.
7684, pull over.
Pull over.
What's the problem?
Please cooperate for a moment.
Could you please open your trunk?
Where did they go?
What do you mean?
You picked up some people
from the hotel earlier.
Picked up some people?
I never did that.
If you're done with everything,
may I get going?
You went over the speed limit.
May I see your ID?
I don't think I was speeding.
You were speeding.
If I was speeding,
there was a camera.
I'm sure I'll get a ticket notice.
I'll be careful in the future.
I'll be going, then.
Oh, what a relief.
Oh...
It's finally just the two of us.
Where are we going now?
A perfect place for
a third generation rich guy to hide.
Where's that?
This is the good hiding place
you were talking about?
Where else is a better hiding place
for a third generation rich guy?
I'd rather go to prison than here.
Yeah? Do what you want, then.
Let's go to Han River instead.
I have a yacht there.
There aren't many people there,
so it's perfect.
They even have champagne.
It's sparkling and--
I'm late, right. I'm so sorry.
- Joon.
- I'm sorry.
Mister Byun, you came back.
I thought you'd quit after a day.
You're tougher than I thought.
I'm glad you came back, young man.
Of course, a young man
shouldn't give up after one day.
Please stop that, Madam.
Why do you keep touching
the butt of someone's precious son?
That's right.
I'm not the kind of person
who should work in a place like this.
A place like this?
Today, we're doing bricks.
In order to move all those bricks today,
we can't waste any time.
B... bricks?
This isn't right, is it?
Do I have to do this?
Please save me.
You blend right in.
It really suits you to be here.
- Work hard.
- Hurry up and get to it.
What?
What do I do?
I must be crazy.
I helped a wanted criminal escape.
Even if I needed money,
I shouldn't help a criminal.
I held his hand in front a cop
and helped him run.
At this rate,
will I end up being arrested?
[Kwon Jae Hoon]
What? What is it?
Where are you right now? Are you safe?
Don't worry.
I'm taking good care of the
third generation rich guy.
Tell me where you are.
I'll pick him up now.
You don't need to do that.
I'm busy, so I have to hang up.
Busy?
What are they doing that they're busy?
So, where's Hyuk?
He escaped for now.
He escaped for now?
Where to?
I used a third party to help out.
That person will contact me
once he arrives at a safe place
so don't worry.
What third party?
It's temporary, so don't worry about it.
Come in.
It's all ready to go.
Didn't I tell you?
We're having a press conference.
It's me.
I need you to trace an IP for me,
as soon as possible.
Make sure you keep this secure.
Joon.
What are you doing?
Move... move.
- Okay.
- Move.
Oh, it stings so much!
Joon, Joon! Joon, Joon, Joon!
I got hurt. I'm injured!
Go.
He's exactly like a mutt.
He's a mutt that
follows his owner around.
What are you doing?
Follow me.
Eat up.
You want me to eat this?
You have to eat in order to work.
Is there anything that's grilled?
I don't like meat in stews.
Just eat it, would you?
These lumps I cannot identify.
This soup that looks like
an excessive, jumbled mess.
Is this also Joon's soul food?
I do not want it,
but in order to bond with Joon
I will just go for it.
[Exquisite]
What is this?
This taste that is common,
yet has such incredible depth.
What is this soup that
captures my appetite so easily?
What else?
It's the sweet taste of honey that
a person who sweats gets to have.
Ah... oh my.
Please turn up the volume on that.
Gangsu Group is addressing the issue
of the recent airplane disturbance.
They are making an apology to the nation.
Here is the press conference.
We offended all of you
with this disturbing incident.
We are very apologetic.
We wish to reveal the truth
of the matter as soon as we can.
We believe it is the right thing to
heal the wounds we have caused.
Unfortunately,
the perpetrator of the incident...
has currently cut off communications.
Cut off communications?
Once we find his location...
we will do our best to help
the law deal with this matter.
As a representative of Gangsu Group...
I want to apologize again.
The oldest son seems fine.
It was always the younger son
who was the problem in that family.
The apology is all a show, too.
The rich are innocent,
the poor are guilty.
You can do anything
with money in this world.
What's the use of all that money?
Their child is a useless troublemaker.
I don't envy them at all.
Even so, a useless troublemaker?
Aren't you being too harsh?
He might have his reasons
that he can't talk about.
What kind of reasons?
He should turn himself in if he's wrong.
He might've tried
and his father stopped him.
He might have fists like Mike Tyson.
What, you think he was beaten up?
No...
I'm just saying, he could've been.
Hey.
Are you the second son
of Gangsu Group's CEO?
I don't think so!
You're just a part-timer
at a construction site.
What do you know to take that guy's side?
Whether that troublemaker
gets beaten up or not
and whether he goes to prison or not,
just worry about your own future.
Yeah.
Everyone!
The CEO will be here in 10 minutes.
So, eat quickly and get out.
- Hurry up!
- Gosh...
Special treatment,
avoiding responsibility...
"The rich are innocent,
the poor are guilty."
Don't feel upset by it.
That's just how you rich people
look to normal folks like us.
You're Section Chief Kwon Jae Hoon.
Why don't we go somewhere quiet?
This seems quiet enough.
It seems you've exclusively
been in charge of Mister Byun Hyuk.
Where is he right now?
It's the police.
The police?
He's not someone who officially
works in the company.
Why would I be in charge of him?
It is his personal life.
Isn't that why you were
at the hotel earlier today?
I don't know anything more
than what was said at the briefing.
I understand.
Ah, if he is determined to be missing,
we will issue a warrant.
I am aware.
Do you realize that
you will become a witness soon?
Goodbye, Officer Jang Chul Min.
Oh yes.
About that press conference...
His brother apologized
on behalf of his younger brother.
It's strange enough
for a family member to do it.
Isn't it weird to apologize
on behalf of the employees?
What did the hard-working
employees do so wrong?
I don't really understand it.
You're right.
I found that point problematic, as well.
Well... please make sure
to pay your fine.
Who are you to explain anything?
Who would believe anything you say?
Don't say a single word
and don't do anything!
Just do what I tell you to
and go shrivel up somewhere.
You are the most useless punk.
You are a punk who doesn't
know how to do anything!
You little punk!
Unfair? What could be unfair for you?
Unfortunately,
the perpetrator of the incident...
has currently cut off communications.
On behalf of Gangsu Group's employees
I would like to apologize again.
Special treatment,
avoiding responsibility...
"The rich are innocent,
the poor are guilty."
Don't feel upset by it.
That's just how you rich people
look to normal folks like us.
The weather sure is nice.
Oh. Wow.
Gosh.
The site is quite a mess.
You have to hurry it up,
or how will we finish in time?
I know you may not be happy,
but we're doing our best.
Do you know how big my loss is
if our construction increases by a day?
As the foreman of the
construction site...
Don't talk to me about doing your best.
Show me some determination and ambition.
Are there any people
who don't work hard and just get paid?
Are there those who steal materials?
There is no one like that
at our site, Chairman.
Then why does it look
the same every time I come?
The work is not progressing. It's not!
That doesn't mean
we can do shoddy construction.
It's more important to build it strong
than to build it quickly.
- That's right.
- Of course.
If we rush in order to meet deadlines
and things go wrong with the building
what will you do if
the building crumbles later on?
Nice to see you.
Goodbye.
Did I tell you to do shoddy construction?
I told you to do your best.
You're pretty much telling us to.
That's enough.
Do you know this?
It's against the law to push
for shoddy construction.
How are you managing your employees?
Can't you do construction without
using crazy people like that?
- She works very hard.
- So, what?
Will construction stop
if you get rid of that one girl?
Baek Joon, leave this afternoon.
- How could he tell her to leave?
- What?
For what reason?
Are you firing me? Why?
Be quiet.
This is disruption of business.
Get rid of her.
Hey, this is wrong.
Hey, this isn't right!
What kind bullcrap is this?
Let go of me now!
I may be a daily worker,
but I have my rights.
This is illegal!
You should've taken the law exam
if you like law so much.
Why are you working here?
Oh my goodness. What do we do?
- You can't do this.
- Stop it.
Joon!
Chairman.
Catch that punk!
Byun.
Give this to Hyuk.
He can't use cards under his name,
and he must need this and that.
I will.
I feel at peace knowing that he has you.
I will make sure nothing happens to him.
Is Hyuk still dating Chae Ri,
by any chance?
Ah, I don't really know.
He's not dating anyone else, right?
Who would he be dating at this time?
Don't worry about that kind of thing.
[Byun Hyuk]
What's wrong?
Jae Hoon, my friend.
My friend... my friend.
(In French and Japanese)
Hurry up and come.
Let's go.
We got a call. What's going on?
This is a case of attempted murder.
What?
This punk threw a brick this big
at me from the fifth floor.
As you can see here, I nearly died.
Attempted murder? That's ridiculous.
Ah, they are accomplices.
What a load of crap.
What did our Joon do wrong?
Joon was busy being
dragged off at that time.
This guy was trying to screw me over
because that wench got fired!
They're together.
I don't appreciate how you keep
calling her a wench.
What? You little...
You attempted to murder me,
so who are you to talk?
You keep saying attempted murder.
Do you have evidence? Any witnesses?
- You all saw, right?
- Yes.
Did you see him
throw a brick at me or not?
Yes, I saw. It hit me first.
What attempted murder?
Yeah, you really are overreacting.
Who here saw Mister Byun throw a brick?
- I didn't.
- Me neither.
What's with all of you, seriously?
Don't any of you want to work anymore?
Listen here.
Is it not enough to fire me?
You're threatening to fire everyone?
You're threatening us with our jobs.
- You're trying to force false testimony.
- What?
Anyway, no one here threw a brick.
No one.
My employees caught this punk
on the fifth floor.
- That's correct.
- We caught him.
Were you on the fifth floor?
- No, he was on the fourth floor.
- Yes, fourth floor.
Yes, the fourth floor of the basement
and it was windy.
Fourth floor of the basement, yeah right!
Are you all going to continue lying?
You people are all too much.
What is it with these people?
Why are they standing up for me?
Be quiet!
Why can't you make a decision?
Is this how you work?
He's a criminal caught in the act!
What do you mean?
Where's your evidence?
Wearing protective gear
on site is critical.
People who don't wear anything
are negligent too.
Watch what you're saying, old man!
Old man, old man?
Who do you think you're talking down to?
How old are you?
How old are you, kid!
Stop, stop! That's enough.
Stop! All right, all right!
All right, everyone.
Let's go in and talk.
We are talking right now.
No, I mean the police station.
Take them in.
No, no, no!
Fine, I won't stand idly by
if you all behave this way.
Joon.
What will you do, then?
You illegally disposed of industrial
waste in the middle of the night.
When it was raining last time,
you secretly disposed of it in the sewer.
I'll report it to the ward office
and to city hall.
What do you think
will happen then, CEO Min?
Watch your mouth,
you little wench.
If I report illegal waste disposal,
he will get charged, right?
Yes, he will.
It's the truth, isn't it?
You want to get mixed up with me?
Then say it's not attempted murder.
You little...
Oh, what's this?
Who are you?
He... he's my friend.
Jae Hoon.
Let go now.
Why don't we go and talk?
He looks very handsome.
Is he Joon's boyfriend?
No, he's my friend.
He must work in a good place.
He looks very clean cut.
Madam Ahn, you're really something.
He could end up at the police station
and you're thinking about his looks?
Don't worry. That won't happen.
Jae Hoon is an expert.
- An expert.
- Yes, an expert.
Gosh...
Treatment cost and even money
for emotional distress damages.
I will give you more
than enough settlement money.
What are you talking about?
We're the ones who need damages
for emotional distress.
He always shows up during lunch
and rushes everyone.
He ignores all labor laws and
fires people whenever he wants.
We're the ones who deserve damages
for emotional distress.
Let's not leave any paperwork
and make things complicated.
CEO Min Sang Ho.
- Do you know me?
- No.
Not very well.
So I looked into you on my way here.
You have a few paper companies
besides this construction company.
That's all for tax evasion, isn't it?
You've used the supposed wages to
make a nice slush fund for yourself.
Wow.
You punk... who are you?
There's no need for you to know.
Why don't you settle?
Well, we understand then.
Thank you.
He really is skilled.
He wasn't even in there for 10 minutes.
How did he get CEO Min to stay quiet?
What did I tell you?
I told you Jae Hoon would resolve it!
That's the level my friend is at.
What the heck were you thinking?
- Huh?
- What happened with the brick?
Oh, it was actually because
of a dandelion seed flower.
- What?
- Oh...
It had grown even in the cement.
You know how I like to blow on the seeds.
I had no idea there was a brick there.
So, it was just an accident.
Accident.
Just like drunk driving and
the club disturbances were?
Of course, they all were accidents.
The public urination
and Yeon Hee were accidents too?
Joon, why are you being scary?
They really were all accidents.
- I was crazy.
- Huh?
No matter how much I need the money,
I shouldn't have agreed to help you.
Why are you being this way?
Forget it. Let's end it here.
End it?
- What?
- I won't be your personal secretary.
Let's just head down our own paths.
Joon!
That's enough.
Joon seems really angry.
Stop and get in the car!
[Mom]
Mom, I'm sorry.
I can't give you that money.
So, stop calling me.
Why does everything I do
turn out this way?
Even if someone set out to cause trouble
it'd be hard to cause as much as you.
I just wanted to
let the dandelion seeds fly.
Was that so wrong?
You nearly ended up at the police
station because of dandelion seeds.
Those people almost
lost their livelihoods.
Of course, she'd be mad.
I was wrong.
What do I do now?
What do I do in order
to get Joon to forgive me?
Dream on.
Once Joon is done, she means it.
It didn't even make sense that she
agreed to be your personal secretary.
Unless she loses her mind,
she will probably never do it again.
Is that right?
This is from your mom.
Jae Hoon!
- What now?
- Joon.
How to make her not angry...
I thought of a way.
Don't come here anymore.
- What?
What do you mean by that?
Stop coming tomorrow?
It's CEO Min's orders.
The three of you and Baek Joon
should not come in.
Foreman, I thought
this issue was settled earlier.
The brick issue was settled.
But not all of you.
But, still...
how can you suddenly fire us like this?
I'm supposed to pay for my daughter's
private academy this month.
If you were worried about that,
you shouldn't have gotten involved.
Why would you take that kid's side?
What were we supposed to do?
He's a young guy with a bright future
and it was an accident.
Should we leave him to get
dragged off for attempted murder?
Why don't you talk to CEO Min for us?
I don't know anything.
That's just how it is.
Don't come tomorrow.
I'm short on labor as it is.
Foreman, Foreman.
Of all the things I've seen in my life,
this is the worst case of abuse.
Hey, you think this is
the only place to work?
It is. This is the only place.
That's why we stuck around here.
Hey, I'll just eat less and live shorter.
I won't bow down to you!
Eat well and live well,
you awful bastards!
What do we do?
Madam Ahn, Mister Kim, Mister Lee.
I should never have brought him around.
I am so sorry.
Why are you sorry?
You don't have to be.
We can find another job.
Yes, yes.
He said it was
because of dandelion seeds.
Even though it was an excuse,
wasn't it cute and naive?
Anyway, they say you should rest
when things go wrong.
Since things have gone wrong...
I'll just rest and look for a new job.
Yeah, don't worry too much.
- Don't worry.
- Yes, yes.
Life is about earning
and living day to day.
Yeah, that's true.
It's okay.
All right.
Okay.
One, two, three.
What is it?
Are you here to beg
on your knees and say sorry?
Kim Ki Sub, Lee Tae Kyung,
and Ahn Mi Yeon...
please reinstate the three of them.
Who are they?
The three people you fired earlier today.
Give them their jobs back.
Otherwise, I'll go through with
my threat on the illegal waste disposal.
I will officially report you.
So, you won't report me
if I give them their jobs back?
You have evidence?
You think I'd come to make a deal
without evidence?
You know that punk
who threw a brick at me?
I hear he's the second son
of Gangsu Group.
I was so shocked by that.
Go on and report me.
I can send him into a cave
with just one call.
Do as you please.
He has nothing to do with me.
Oh...
You don't care even if his life ends?
Getting the jobs of those three people
back is more important to me.
Really?
Yes, it is.
What are you doing with my phone?
Let me go.
I said let me go!
Give it back. Give it back!
There's nothing.
- Are you sure?
- Yes.
I'm sure there's nothing regarding that.
Wow.
You threatened me with a lie?
It's enough just to fire me.
Give the three people their jobs back!
Then tell me where that punk is.
Then I'll give those
three people their jobs back.
Tell me where he is.
Do you understand, kid?
This is a real deal.
I can go out on my own.
How can you throw my phone like that?
Buy a new one.
Use the rest of the money
for candy, you baby.
Hey... hey!
You think money is everything? Hey!
Open the door!
Open the door now. Hey!
Make a decision.
You want to get
their jobs back, or is it him?
Do you think Gangsu Group will stand by
if they know you
threatened Hyuk like this?
You came to ask for their jobs back.
Now you're worried about him?
Who are you?
Are you his girlfriend?
I'm sorry...
Madam Ahn.
Mister Kim.
Mister Lee.
How much do you need?
Tell me. I'll lend it to you.
Why would you?
Who are you to lend me money?
You said you did it for money.
That's why you took a crazy job
like being Hyuk's secretary.
I said I won't do it. I'm quitting.
So, I'll lend it to you.
How much do you need?
Hey... I don't want it.
You run errands for
a third generation rich guy.
I refuse to take money
that's earned like that.
Got it?
Ta-da!
What do you think?
You're surprised, right?
Thanks to you
I was able to know the special sweet
taste of food after working up a sweat.
So, I wanted to give you a gift.
For you, after you've had
a tiresome day...
a romantic and heavenly taste.
These are grade A ribs.
This is the chef, Mister Yoon.
This is wine from the year we were born.
I didn't know which roses
you liked, so I got pink.
There are probably about a thousand.
Quite a lot, right? I know.
Do you like it?
Come here, Joon. Come here.
What's wrong, Joon?
Are those tears
because you're so touched?
Are they not?
Because of a guy who only knows
how to spend his damn money...
Because I was trying to save you...
Because I was trying to hide you,
do you know what I just did?
Joon, what's wrong?
Did something happen?
Mister Kim, who got fired because of you,
has three kids to raise.
Mister Lee pays more than one million won
of his mother's hospital fees a month.
Madam Ahn's husband had a stroke
and she's taking care...
She's taking care of her entire family.
Joon.
This may be nothing
but a lowly job to you.
It was a desperately needed source
of livelihood for them.
They were worried that
you would lose that livelihood!
They put everything on the line.
I thought you would, at least,
have a conscience about that.
Is this all you could think to do?
If they knew they got fired for taking
sides with a some rich troublemaker
they'd feel so taken aback by it all.
To tell you the truth, Joon...
I was thankful to them too.
I prepared an envelope for each of them.
Here.
You think you can
solve everything with money?
Huh? Why not money?
Everyone likes it.
Why did someone like you
appear in front of me?
Why did you show up?
Why did you destroy everything? Why!
Destroy?
I did?
I'm asking you this favor.
Please... please return
to the world you came from.
Stop making things hard
for so many people.
Please just get lost!
Get lost?
Who said you can run this business here?
Who are you people?
Where are you from?
Look here, Baek Sung Ki.
You can't do this
to CEO Byun Gang Su.
You made a living off
of him for this long.
When you left the company,
you got a nice retirement package.
You should be repaying him for that.
Why would you be tackling work
that the head office does?
Take this.
Don't cause a problem
out of this issue anymore.
The CEO...
is watching you.
Stay in line, punk.
Oh, aren't you pretty?
Listen to your dad.
Joon.
Don't make important
decisions in your life...
based on money.
I felt I had no choice and ended up
making a cowardly decision.
But, Joon...
I hope you don't live the way I do.
I was so happy to meet you
that I insisted it was fate.
Stop making things hard
for so many people.
Please just get lost!
You run errands for
a third generation rich guy.
I refuse to take money
that's earned like that.
Got it?
Until you called out my name...
I did not make a single movement.
When you called out my name...
for the first time...
I became a flower.
Please, call me by my name,
which suits my color and fragrance.
Not "third generation rich guy."
What's he saying? Crazy punk.
Hey, have you seen Hyuk?
I don't know.
This was taped here.
What's this?
Here he comes!
Joon!
Joon... look.
I will go to you.
I want to become a flower.
[Appearance of Gangsu Group's
Second Son, Byun Hyuk]
Joon.
I want to become
someone you do not forget.
The one and only glance.
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Revolutionary Love]
What were you thinking?
Is he up to something I don't know
about with Section Chief Kwon?
I looked cool when I went to
the prosecutors, right?
What did Joon say?
Mom, why are doing this to me?
You are so brazen when you come to me.
You make me go crazy.
You're prepared to deal with
not listening to me, right?
- Father!
- How could you this, Honey?
I'm sorry I could not protect you.
Is going to prison all that's left?
Hyuk has to deal with it.
That's the world he lives in.
Live well, third generation rich guy!